So we just wanna take a look back at
what we learned today in lesson two.
First, we took you through like
choosing your operating system.
It's an important choice because
you'll want to find something that
you're very comfortable with.
There's a lot of good options.
You have Android, which is amazing,
Ubuntu, which is also-
>> Equally amazing.
>> Amazing.
>> [LAUGH] Yeah.
>> And then Windows 10, which is kinda
shines above, I'm just kidding man.
We haven't actually had a chance
to use Windows 10 yet, but
I'm sure it's gonna be amazing.
>> Yeah from what we've
read it looks really cool
>> Yeah it's a really awesome thing to be
able to explore these
different operating systems.
Next, you've learned how to purchase
the DragonBoard, where to go to find it,
how to buy it.
I think we even taught you
how to check your emails.
>> [LAUGH]
>> But
then we also get to see a lot of
different benefits that you'll get
from being able to go through this MOOC.
>> Yeah,
after you've purchased your board,
of course you're gonna wanna register, so
we kinda walk you through that process.
A little tedious, but
nonetheless, necessary I guess.
>> Gotta get it done.
Yeah, so get your documentations
through your registration process,
access to the forums,
special documentation through the Qualcomm
development network, developer network.
All sorts of cool stuff
that you'll have access to
since you've registered your
board with these different sites.
>> Now that we have the board and we have
it registered, we have an operating system
on it that we like, we're just
about ready to get started with it.
>> Oh yeah.